# Created from http://fluxbox-wiki.org/Editing_the_init_file.html
session.appsFile:                                   ~/.fluxbox/apps
session.autoRaiseDelay:                             500
session.cacheLife:                                  5
session.cacheMax:                                   200
session.colorsPerChannel:                           4
session.configVersion:                              13
session.doubleClickInterval:                        200
session.focusTabMinWidth:                           0
session.forcePseudoTransparency:                    false
session.groupFile:                                  ~/.fluxbox/groups
session.iconbar:                                    true
session.ignoreBorder:                               false
session.imageDither:                                false
session.keyFile:                                    ~/.fluxbox/keys
session.menuFile:                                   ~/.fluxbox/menu
session.menuSearch:                                 itemstart
session.numLayers:                                  13
session.opaqueMove:                                 true
session.screen0.allowRemoteActions:                 false
session.screen0.autoRaise:                          true
session.screen0.clickRaises:                        false
session.screen0.clientMenu.usePixmap:               true
session.screen0.colPlacementDirection:              TopToBottom
session.screen0.decorateTransient:                  false
session.screen0.defaultDeco:                        NONE
session.screen0.edgeSnapThreshold:                  10
session.screen0.focusLastWindow:                    false
session.screen0.focusModel:                         MouseFocus
session.screen0.focusNewWindows:                    true
session.screen0.focusSameHead:                      false
session.screen0.followModel:                        Ignore
session.screen0.fullMaximization:                   false
session.screen0.iconbar.alignment:                  Relative
session.screen0.iconbar.clientWidth:                0
session.screen0.iconbar.deiconifyMode:              Current
session.screen0.iconbar.iconTextPadding:            10l
session.screen0.iconbar.iconWidth:                  128
session.screen0.iconbar.mode:                       {static groups} (Workspace)
session.screen0.iconbar.usePixmap:                  true
session.screen0.iconbar.wheelMode:                  Screen
session.screen0.imageDither:                        false
session.screen0.maxDisableMove:                     false
session.screen0.maxDisableResize:                   false
session.screen0.maxIgnoreIncrement:                 true
session.screen0.menu.alpha:                         200
session.screen0.menuDelay:                          0
session.screen0.menuDelayClose:                     0
session.screen0.menuMode:                           Delay
session.screen0.noFocusWhileTypingDelay:            0
session.screen0.opaqueMove:                         true
session.screen0.resizeMode:                         Bottom
session.screen0.rowPlacementDirection:              LeftToRight
session.screen0.showposinsidewindow:                false
session.screen0.showwindowposition:                 false
session.screen0.slit.acceptKdeDockapps:             true
session.screen0.slit.alpha:                         200
session.screen0.slit.autoHide:                      false
session.screen0.slit.direction:                     Vertical
session.screen0.slit.layer:                         Dock
session.screen0.slit.maxOver:                       true
session.screen0.slit.onhead:                        0
session.screen0.slit.onTop:                         true
session.screen0.slit.placement:                     TopCenter
session.screen0.sloppywindowgrouping:               true
session.screen0.strftimeFormat:                     %A %m/%d/%Y %I:%M:%S %p
session.screen0.tab.alignment:                      Right
session.screen0.tab.height:                         16
session.screen0.tab.placement:                      TopLeft
session.screen0.tab.rotatevertical:                 true
session.screen0.tab.width:                          64
session.screen0.tabFocusModel:                      ClickToTabFocus
session.screen0.tabs.intitlebar:                    true
session.screen0.tabs.maxOver:                       false
session.screen0.tabs.usePixmap:                     true
session.screen0.titlebar.left:                      Stick
session.screen0.titlebar.right:                     Minimize Maximize Close
session.screen0.toolbar.alpha:                      200
session.screen0.toolbar.autoHide:                   false
session.screen0.toolbar.height:                     0
session.screen0.toolbar.layer:                      Dock
session.screen0.toolbar.maxOver:                    true
session.screen0.toolbar.onhead:                     1
session.screen0.toolbar.onTop:                      true
session.screen0.toolbar.placement:                  BottomCenter
session.screen0.toolbar.tools:                      prevworkspace, workspacename, nextworkspace, iconbar, systemtray, clock
session.screen0.toolbar.visible:                    false
session.screen0.toolbar.widthPercent:               100
session.screen0.tooltipDelay:                       500
session.screen0.window.focus.alpha:                 190
session.screen0.window.unfocus.alpha:               170
session.screen0.windowMenu:                         ~/.fluxbox/windowmenu
session.screen0.windowPlacement:                    RowMinOverlapPlacement
session.screen0.workspaceNames:                     0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9
session.screen0.workspaces:                         10
session.screen0.workspacewarping:                   false
session.slitlistFile:                               ~/.fluxbox/slitlist
session.styleFile:                                  ~/.fluxbox/styles/black
session.styleOverlay:                               ~/.fluxbox/overlay
session.tabPadding:                                 0
session.tabsAttachArea:                             Window
session.updateDelayTime:                            0
session.useMod1:                                    true
